Sciame – Visual audioreactive investigation on Siberian shamanism.
Maddalena Bellin, Chiara Alexandra Young

Info glitch Resolume Arena

General Info
Audioreactive glitch generated with Resolume Arena, linked to the following tracks from TranceSiberia.
1  – Aaar Tataj Ogoloor,
2  – En Kellergin,
3  – Sybaaibany Ataardybyt,
4  – Osujkhai,
5  – Kuhuhghgu Kustuhuu,
6  – Serejuem Ajmachtyy Duuhany,
7  – Udagan Yryta,
8  – Dvachtar Saaata,
9  – Serejbekkuen,
10 – Kourakka Kurus Ardach.

Each track is applied to media, generating the audioreactive glitch visuals. 
The photographic content is classified into the following categories:
Full figures (composition 01 to 02),
Costumes (composition 03 to 04),
Portraits (composition 05 to 07),
Groups (composition 08 to 10),
Tents (composition 11 to 12).

Each classification investigates four Siberian shamanic tribes (listed below), plus an extra category called 'generic', including images from multiple tribes not listed in the four main folders.
01 – Chukchi,
02 – Koryak, 
03 – Yakut, 
04 – Yukaghir.

Download info
Each folder contains the Resolume Arena composition file and a content subfolder that includes the track and the media related to the composition.

The main folders are named as the following example:
ex. 01-fullfigures-aar tataj ogoloor
composition number-media classification-track in use

The 'content' folders are named as the following examples:
ex. audio-aar tataj ogoloor
audio-track name

ex. img-full figures-chukchi
img-media classification-tribe name

Composition info
Each composition applies to the selected media a list of filters variating for the five media classification (full figures, costumes...). 
Its variation reacts to the frequencies of the track connected.
The filters in use are renamed with the media classification name (full figures, costumes...) and can be found in the filters library.

Credits
TranceSiberia, Hulu Project featuring Sepanida Borisova (2001)
https://www.hulu.de/en/trance_siberia/trance_siberia1.htm
Jesup North Pacific Expedition (1897-1903)
https://images.library.amnh.org/digital/items/browse?collection=3
